NAVAND-775: support waypoints per route (#6555)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features
#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Added `MapboxNavigation#waypoints` as source of truth for `DirectionsWaypoint`s which can be common for all routes or route specific depending on `RouteOptions#waypointsPerRoute()` parameter. [#6555](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6555)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `NavigationRoute#waypoints` as the source of truth for `DirectionsWaypoint`s which can be common for all routes or route-specific depending on `RouteOptions#waypointsPerRoute()` parameter. [#6555](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6555)
```

Author: The Internet says hypen is not required when the adjective is a predicate (https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/379318/when-is-it-appropriate-to-use-patient-specific-vs-patient-specific).
